feat(RHTAP-869): collect-pod-logs (#494)
redhat-appstudio/e2e-tests: tests/load-tests/collect-pod-logs/README.md

> # JIRA task - https://issues.redhat.com/browse/STONE-831 
> # The bash script is collect-openshift-pod-logs.sh
> 
> 
> The script logic:
> ================
> Log directory configuration
> Format:  ./snapshot-collect-pod-logs.sh logs-${USER}-$(date +%Y-%m-%d)  
> if no parameter given, a default will be used for the log_dir - log_dir="logs-${USER}-$(date +%Y-%m-%d-%H-%M-%S)"
> 
> 1. The script will run in  a contiuous loop iterating through all namespaces/pods/container
> 2. All log files will be stored under a main log_dir of type log_dir
> 3. Per each container log, if not empty - existing container log will be removed and the new one to be stored in the 
>    proper hierarchy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## JIRA Task
[STONE-831](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/STONE-831)

## Bash Script Name
The bash script is `collect-openshift-pod-logs.sh`

## Log directory configuration
Format: `./snapshot-collect-pod-logs.sh logs-${USER}-$(date +%Y-%m-%d)`
If no parameter is given, a default log_dir will be used: `log_dir="logs-${USER}-$(date +%Y-%m-%d-%H-%M-%S)"`
## Script Logic
1. The script will run in a continuous loop iterating through all namespaces/pods/container.
2. All log files will be stored under a main log_dir of type `log_dir`.
3. For each container log, if not empty:
   - Existing container log will be removed.
   - The new log will be stored in the proper hierarchy.
```

Here's how it looks (sorry, don't know a better way to suggest changes in Markdown):
## JIRA Task
[STONE-831](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/STONE-831)

## Bash Script Name
The bash script is `collect-openshift-pod-logs.sh`

## Log directory configuration
Format: `./snapshot-collect-pod-logs.sh logs-${USER}-$(date +%Y-%m-%d)`
If no parameter is given, a default log_dir will be used: `log_dir="logs-${USER}-$(date +%Y-%m-%d-%H-%M-%S)"`
## Script Logic
1. The script will run in a continuous loop iterating through all namespaces/pods/container.
2. All log files will be stored under a main log_dir of type `log_dir`.
3. For each container log, if not empty:
   - Existing container log will be removed.
   - The new log will be stored in the proper hierarchy.

Author: Thanks, updated most of your suggestions
